get your money out kids why should you
be getting your money out you should be
getting your money out for the awesome
Flo TV yeah that's right people a
portable television I'm about 14
channels no I didn't really count the
channels lips whatever you can bring the
food eevee anywhere you can use it on
long car trips in it anyway you can even
use it in bed good night mom good night
dad night hmm she's laughing her sleep
again she's having funny dreams or some
reason may be careful con method you can
use it in the bathroom but let's not
show picture that could be overheard
anyway we use it on a part of the script
what what are you going anyway moving on
we are not making fun of the flow TV is
actually really awesome it's one of your
most prized possessions yep and like my
second most second that's nice anyway
we're seriously not making fun of this I
mean to make fun of is there gold I mean
it's you just ugly look it's not that
ugly but I'm really sorry I mean I lorem
but it's better not be this better be
fake I mean like I feel really bad for
this leopards parents of drill I mean
wow anyway if we don't make it by the
flow TV it will be this um what it would
be this fine slow TV today it's
absolutely horrible just look at it well
anyway we are not making fun of it and
now before you decide to buy this
beautiful thing I guess we should tell
you the price it's about I have no idea
it's about I I certainly have no idea
what price it is after prayers to go
online check it out for you owww that
Flo TV
okay that website is that website this
week um actually it is a real website oh
my gosh this because you need to get
like a subscription for like the flow TV
it's really cool and there's actually
like a website okay thank you for
talking too much now before we go let's
watch some TV Nickelodeon it's good oh
yeah easy just likes it you can even
stand it up good need to get a signal
Wow i carly i love that show not now
come on okay it's getting really spiky
that's just because you don't have a
good signal it usually works that's
better right side about during our TV